contrib/kind: custom kind values (#28155)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/contributing/development/dev_setup.rst

* ``make kind-image-fast``: Builds all Cilium binaries and loads them into all
  kind clusters available in the host.

Configuration for Cilium
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The Makefile targets that install Cilium are passing the following list of Helm
> values (YAML files) to the Cilium CLI.

Reviewer: Nits for clarity
```suggestion
The Makefile targets that install Cilium pass the following list of Helm
values (YAML files) to the Cilium CLI.
```

Author: Thanks, changed

* ``contrib/testing/kind-common.yaml``: Shared between normal and fast installation modes.
* ``contrib/testing/kind-values.yaml``: Used by normal installation mode.
* ``contrib/testing/kind-fast.yaml``: Used by fast installation mode.
* ``contrib/testing/kind-custom.yaml``: User defined custom values that are applied if

>   the file is present. The file is ignored by Git.

Reviewer: I like that ignoring the file is default behavior. ✨ 

**Optional:** given that `contrib/testing/.gitignore` is a new addition, it may be helpful to signal the mechanism clearly to devs with another `.gitignore`.
```suggestion
  the file is present. The file is ignored by Git as specified in ``/contrib/testing/.gitignore``.
```

Author: Thanks, definitely makes sense.
